DEVDOCS-6056 [new]: Price Lists / MSF International Enhancements, ax incl (#550)
bigcommerce/docs: docs/store-operations/pricing/msf-international-enhancements.mdx

# Price Lists - International Enhancements for Multi-Storefront

<Callout type="info">
  Tax-inclusive and exclusive price lists are in beta. Features may change based on user feedback or internal testing.
</Callout>

When you sell internationally, you may need your storefront to display prices that either include or exclude tax based on regional expectations. You may need some storefront channels to display prices that include tax, while others display prices that exclude tax.

To localize your storefronts, you can do the following:

> - Specify whether a price list has prices that include or exclude tax when entered.

Reviewer: Add prices (of your desired price entered with tax) setting to the price list in your desired currency

Author: added 👍

- Assign the price list to storefront channels (or customer groups).

## Limitations

> - Stores using [Catalog V2](/docs/store-operations/catalog/migration) have fixed pricing and will use global store settings. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Stores using [Catalog V2](/docs/store-operations/catalog/migration) have may have fixed pricing rules and are not eligible to use inc/ex tax price lists. 
```

- You cannot enter price changes due to product modifier rules, gift wrapping features, and fixed shipping prices into a price list. These inherit global settings and always apply on top of the price list.
- You cannot mix inclusive and exclusive pricing within a single price list.

> - You must [set the display price](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/Product-Display-Settings?language=en_US#settings) to the lowest variant price when a shopper's preselected options don't match to a price. 

Reviewer: For the best experience, you...

Author: added 👍

> If your store doesn't have multiple storefronts, you can still create tax-inclusive or exclusive price lists and assign them to customer groups.

Reviewer: They can still do it via API, no?

> 

Reviewer: We should also add something about going into Settings > Tax > Store Tax Settings and turning on `Keep prices as entered` for `When calculating the taxes on sales made outside the pricing tax zone `

_especially_ for folks on default ex tax stores

Reviewer: I see this below now :-)

## Settings

Price lists will have a `prices_entered_with_tax` setting, which overrides the (default) global store setting. Use this setting to choose whether the price list is tax-inclusive or exclusive, or inherits the global settings. For details, see the [Price List endpoints](/docs/rest-management/price-lists) in the REST Management APIs.

> When you're using tax-inclusive price lists, tax-inclusive prices remain the same across all tax zones; the tax amount will vary based on the shopper's location. 

Reviewer: This is only true if they turn on the setting I mentioned above- otherwise tax unwinding will kick in and sadness will ensue.

I _think_ this is being changed to make it the default for ex tax stores, but depending on when someone sees this doc that may not be completed/ totally rolled out.

Author: I added a sentence about turning on the setting. Before this doc is published, maybe we'll revisit this sentence to see whether it's rolled out

Author: I re-thought about the feature. My current understanding is:
- `When calculating the taxes on sales made outside the pricing tax zone` setting is only important when you want tax-inclusive prices (the setting doesn't matter if you want tax-exclusive prices). 
- When you want a tax-inclusive price list, there's no`When calculating the taxes on sales made outside the pricing tax zone` setting for the price list. So I'm guessing this pretty-pricing setting would inherit the global value (assuming the global store is also set to tax-inclusive).
- If you want a tax-inclusive price list and the global store is tax-exclusive, we'll have to confirm with @bigcommerce/team-tax what the default is. I'm actually taking a closer look at the Tax Settings API reference, and now I'm thinking the setting actually defaults to non-pretty pricing. Either way, my doc could clarify these points.

^ @benpratt77 can you comment on the default value?

# Price Lists - International Enhancements for Multi-Storefront

<Callout type="info">
  Tax-inclusive or exclusive price lists are in beta. Features may change based on user feedback or internal testing.
</Callout>

_International Enhancements for Multi-Storefront_ allow you to deliver localized experiences to fit different shopper needs. 

Shoppers expect storefront prices to include or exclude tax depending on their region when you sell internationally. 

When you create separate storefront channels for each region, you may need some storefronts to display prices that include tax, while others display prices that exclude tax.

To do so, specify whether a price list has prices that include or exclude tax when entered. Then assign the price list to storefront channels.

## Limitations

- Stores using [Catalog V2](/docs/store-operations/catalog/migration) have fixed pricing and will use global store settings. 

> - You cannot enter price changes due to product modifier rules, gift wrapping features, and fixed shipping prices into a price list. These inherit global settings and always apply on top of the price list.

Author: Not sure if this sentence is accurate

Reviewer: @bc-vinbase is correct.  These will inherit the setting from the price list and will not be treated as the global setting.

Maybe `These inherit global settings and always apply on top of the price list.` should be changed to `These prices will be applied as-is with with the prices entered with tax setting for the current shopper applied` or similar?

Author: @megdesko Thanks, clarified it and added an example. I assume you meant to use the $10 modifier rule in your final calculation (to total $75.95)
